hi so there was a zombie short film on
YouTube a couple of years ago that just
got made into a netflix release called
cargo what's cool about it is that the
woman at the end of the original was
actually the director writer and
producer of both the short and the
full-length film and I wouldn't be
surprised if it was also her kid and
zombies in the flick too she's got man
talent now a lot of you were
recommending this one so I hacked into
my neighbors Netflix to check it out but
if there's any others you guys want me
to see or make a nella me on definite
let me know down below in the comment
section as I break down why this flick
did stuff better than the last three
seasons of The Walking Dead and now
Andrews leaving to let me explain so
Martin Freeman ends up on another
unexpected journey where his wife and
child are Tarzan ting it on the river
trying to find a place to settle my man
finds Charlie st. Cloud's boat and
scours it for some anniversary gifts for
his wife which she then decides to look
through since he told her it was okay
communication is key now if I'm in that
position and I got bit but there's this
antibiotic thing that I can take I don't
care if I'm bleeding the first thing I'm
doing is oh heck no so it turns out that
there's no cure for this thing yet you
pretty much just go through these
pepto-bismol symptoms you start spewing
out sap and get called a digger because
you end up Oscar showing yourself in the
dirt disrespectful
Bilbo now has 48 hours and no Eagles to
get him to the promised land to save his
wife
[Music]
well that just puts a stick in it she
starts spewing caramel out of her mouth
and looking like the Scarecrow and as
soon as she turns he turns and gets bit
boy that's like getting tagged right
after you were just it I've been saying
this right that in the apocalypse you
can't wear short sleeves you need that
you yo armor thing you got to stock up
on those ball tron sleeves
everyone gets bit in the forearm I do
question also sometimes how the virus
ends up getting you as soon as you die
like the girl did have a couple of hours
before it kicked in but I don't know
it's just a zombie trope that I've
always battled in my brain of course not
he's a zombie
my man ends up finding the hospital no
luck finds tow mater and his owner dude
ends up being crazy and he ends up
joining Mowgli who believes there's a
magical cure out there to help her dad
better people get to him first her
people are pretty much the Avengers of
this world they're the indigenous people
who are trying to clean up all the
infected but they also kind of speak to
the message of this movie it's right up
throughout that there's a bunch of pipe
lines that are happening here and the
indigenous people don't like that and
that there's something maybe underneath
the earth that got hit that caused this
infection to go crazy something dealing
with pipeline and of course it being a
metaphor to real life things and
reminding you to stay away or else the
happening is gonna happen in real life
at the end and he's about to turn so he
creates a little hamster thing where
he's walking towards the bag of meets
all the other zombies don't smell him so
he's got his baby and his friend on his
back as he leaves them straight to
safety showing you the love that a true
father has even in death and reminding
you that even in the apocalypse the most
important cargo you carry is your kids
unless unless you own Detective Comics
27 thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section I
really like the short films we'll
definitely check out the short film if
you can it's on YouTube it's free the
Netflix movie is also pretty good I
would say my theory again is that that
they show you a lot many times that
there's like a company who is drilling
and that's clearly something that caused
this virus to explode and even more so
that metaphor that message that it's
about you know we got a lot of pipelines
it seems like not a lot of people were
talking about the one that was in North
America last year but it's clear that
it's talking
about that stuff and how yeah you may
you may end up in a zombie apocalypse if
if you're not protesting and making sure
those things don't happen I'm Kirsten on
your thoughts down below in the comment
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you that
emergency zombie syringe